Misc updates for Windows developer setup (#1113)
CesiumGS/cesium-unreal: Documentation/developer-setup-windows.md

# Prerequisities

- Install CMake (version 3.15 or newer) from https://cmake.org/install/
- Install Visual Studio 2019 v16.11+ (or Visual Studio 2017 v15.6+)
  - Under **Workloads**, check `Desktop development with C++`
  - Under **Workloads**, check `Game development with C++` 
  - Under **Individual components**, check `.NET Framework 4.8 SDK` (or newer)
> Note: VS options are derived from Unreal Engine's [recommended setup](https://docs.unrealengine.com/5.0/en-US/setting-up-visual-studio-development-environment-for-cplusplus-projects-in-unreal-engine/))
 - Install the .NET  Core 3.1 Runtime, [link](https://dotnet.microsoft.com/en-us/download/dotnet/thank-you/runtime-3.1.32-windows-x64-installer?cid=getdotnetcore)
- For best JPEG-decoding performance, you must have [nasm](https://www.nasm.us/) installed so that CMake can find it. Everything will work fine without it, just slower.

> - Install the Unreal Engine (version 4.26 or newer) from https://www.unrealengine.com/en-US/download

Reviewer: While we're at it, let's update the Unreal version since we deprecated support for UE4 entirely
```suggestion
- Install the Unreal Engine (version 5.0 or newer) from https://www.unrealengine.com/en-US/download
```

You can also build and install the debug version by using `Debug` or `RelWithDebInfo` instead of `Release`.

> # Create the VS project files for cesium-unreal-samples

Reviewer: Unabbreviate "VS" here. This is an extreme nitpick but I think "Creating" matches the titles of the other sections.

```suggestion
# Creating the Visual Studio project files for cesium-unreal-samples
```
